Danaë weaves the time gilded by the Nile
wrapping the lips which passed 
between lips and disconnected flights.
The hand or the lip or the bird snowed.
It was the circle in snow that was opened.
Hand without blood was the silk that erased
the perfection which dies on its knees
and in his zeal hides and frolics.

Vertical from the marble he NEG see
the forehead which opened in moist lotus.
In endless shriek the grove was opened
to the irate redouble of arrow and death.
Q his cold gaze NEG rush perhaps
upon the royal heron and the cold so weak
of the west-wind, cry that aids the flight
from sleep, cold flame and sharpened tongue

Absolute face, false firmness of the mirror.
The mirror is forgotten by sound and night
and its door upon the changeful pontiff half-opens
Mask and river, spigot-griffin of dreams.
Dead cold and comet unearthed from the air
that creates it, from the air that lies to it, are
of life dragged to the cloud and to the open
mouth negated in blood which is moved.

Ascending in the chest only soft,
forgotten by a breath which forgets and untangles.
Forgotten paper, fresh eyelet quickens the
leaping heart and the smile to the snail.
The hand which in the air lines impulsed
dry, smiles walking on the snow.
Now brought the ear to the snail, the snail
burying firm ear in the silk of the pool.
Hailstruck lemonbalm and rivers of frozen velamen,
guard the signal of a withered leaf of gold,
levied in spiral, over the autumn of waters so boiling.
Docile ruby keeps sighing in its flight now ascending.
Now the autumn runs through the islands uncared, garnished
islands and isolated dove mute between two buried leaves.
The river in the sum of its eyes announced
that which weighs the moon in their backs and the breath which in halo transformed

Torches as fishes, thin boy works night and sky,
bow and basket and ignited serpents, icicle and sighthound.
Purple feather, NEG wet, fish gazing at me, sepulchre.
Equestrian pheasants NEG warn hand without echo, unfolded pulse:
the fingers in immobile calendar and the tedium in his unibrowed throne.
Slowly the wave is formed in the marmoreal cavity that gazes
over backs that never ask me, in venom
that is never perverted and in his shield neither colts nor pheasants.

As is spilled the absence in the arrow which isolates
and as the strawberry breathes spinning its crystal,
thus the autumn that in his lip dies, thus the hail
in soft mirror destroys the gaze that binds him,
which to him lies with feather to the lips, labyrinth and praise
run to him joined with the fountain which moistens the dream.
The absence, the mirror now in the locks which in the beach
extend and the isolated lock asks and frolics.

Light frond tips the ascension assumed.
Q NEG the corinthian curve a betrayal of crystallized mirabelles,
which the mirror reunites or sails, blind exile?
Now falls only the bird, the hand which the prison moves,
the sunken gods between the stone, the carbuncle and the damsel.
If the absence asks with the fainted snow,
it forms in feather, NEG circles which the octopess abandons submerged.

Sadly traverses curve tightened in ash-grey heron
the space which hands dislodge, absent timbre
and ardent saffron, tender redoubles his extremes.
Summoned the sleeping are agitated, they wrinkle the waves
beating around slept chess, his untombed tiara.
His unsepulchred soft wood the frigid beak of the boiling swan.
Relucent pier: false diamonds; changeful feather: terse atlas.
Shrieked greens: the waves play, soft death the lightning in their veins.


Drowned ribbons mute the lip which they offer.
Oriental baskets sift water of moon.
The most slept are those who rush most,
who are buried, feather in the scream, masked whistle, between foreheads and hooks.
Stretched marble like a river which recurves or traps
the destroyed lips, but the blind NEG oscillate.
Spirals of heroic tenors fall in the breast of a dove
and there they agitate until gleaming like arrows in his cloak of night.

An arrow protrudes, a back becomes absent.
Lightning is violet if pin in the snow and stubborn face.
Moistened earth ascending to the face, closed arrow.
Dusts of moon and moistened earth, the profile broken in the cloud which is mirror.
Fresh valves of the night and irate limit of the shells
in their prison without thirst protrude arms,
NEG asking corals in stripes of bees and in confused
secrets they awake remembering curved arms and encrusting of the                                 
forehead.

Since yesterday the questions frolic or close
upon the impulse of powdery fruit or of islands where
camp the treasures which rage scatters, flatters, or reprimands.
The doncels work in the walnuts and the spurt of the forehead to its sound
in the flame he makes his roots and his mansion of buried screams.
If he moves, uncurving bee, the mirror destroys the mute river.
If he sinks, half-siren to the fire, the loose threads which plough the winter
weave white body in questions of pulvereous statue.

Body of sound the swarm which mute pines clamor,
waking the breaking waves in smooth blazes and sessile flights,
guided by the dove which shrieks without eyes,
which without carnation the forehead mirror is of waves, NEG memories.
They come reuniting in eyes, spinning in the carnation NEG forever burnt
the abyss of alquitared snow or groaning in the bolstered sky.
The steeds, if it snows or if he pays, guided by gazes, are distilled
by the plea or more firm recurve to the first muteness already without sky.

The snow which in the sistrums NEG penetrate, argues
in leaves, uncurving destroys glass in the ear,
white nests, in its center now burn tepid the corals,
escaped doncels in their deer of tedium, in their rosed forests.
They transform if coral and doncel curl the voices, snow the paths,
where the sonorous body rocks with the pines, slim nodding.
But forceful pine, now column of smoke so watery
that canary is its needle and jet in uncurled wind.

Narcissus, Narcissus. The antlers of the murdered deer
are fish, are flames, are flutes, are nibbled fingers.
Narcissus, Narcissus. The hairs guiding florentines crawl over profiles,
lips their routes, sad flames the waves biting their hips.
Fish of cold green the air in the mirror without stripes, posy of doves
hidden in the dead throat, daughter of arrow and of swans.
Heron digresses, shell in the wave, cloud in the carelessness,
Spray hung from the eyes, marmoreal drop and sweet plinth NEG offering.

Shriek fruited in the snow, the secret in geranium transformed.
The whiteness silk is ascending in spilled lip,
it opens an amnesia in the islands, sword and eyelashes come
to give+way to sleep, to yield mirror in littoral of impure earth and stone.
Moist lips NEG in the shell that looks for uncurving thread,
slaves of profile and of dry velamen the air bites
upon litmus that changes its sound in golden litmus of salty lime
looks in the golden mirror of death, shell of sound.
If he crosses the mirror the waters which agitate the ear boil.
If he sits in his fringe or in his forehead the centurion pulses in his side.
If he declaims the letters in the dream penetrate the gaze and wrinkle.
Wave of air wraps albino secret, harpooned skin,
that colored mirror shadow is of memory and minute of silence.
Now pierces whiteness uncurving endless in dry flames and drizzled leaves.
Stream of uncreated bees bite the wake, ask for the flank.
Thus the mirror verified speechless, thus Narcissus at high tide fled wingless.